Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment.

- What are your initial impressions of how `Association` affectes your programming?
- What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

- While working on the assignment I found association to be fairly intuitive. Each class is separate and could be used on it's own, but can also be used together to implement a larger object. I think it was easier than I had originally anticipated, especially with the Pumpkin class template provided to us. While I felt pretty confident working on this assignment, I'm not sure if I would be able to do something like this on my own without the template guidance. Learning about association in class was a little intimidating since I wasn't sure how I would implement it when coding, but after completing this assignment, I think I have a slightly better understanding of association.

- While working on the assignment I found the instructions to be very clear, and I knew where I needed to start with everything. Something that was really confusing to me though were the instructions for the banner message if a message was entered through the command line. I knew how to implement all of the classes into the Scarecrow class, but I spent a lot of time working on the actual spacing of the banner message. I also spent a lot of time trying to figure out how to give the user a chance to input a message rather than automatically printing out a set message. I would advise for someone taking this course in the future to go to TA hours or work with others to figure out logistics such as the back slashes when drawing the ASCII art, and also creating an allotted amount of space for the message regardless of how long it is.